[dramatic music]
* *
- After nearly
two centuries as your queen,
it is time
to name the next.
- The queen waits
for the Council to speak.
When you do,
I hope you speak my name.
- I'd sooner die
than see you on the throne.
...to officially announce
my candidacy for Monarch.
- I'm actually a spirit user
just like St. Vladimir.
- The darkness will always find
you until you remember!
- Leave me alone!
- Are you sure
this is a good thing?
- If I can just talk
to the guy who owns
the collection at the museum.
- Where is this mystery man?
- On the Royal Tour.
I don't like you,
and you don't like me.
But I have to marry someone
with enough Dragomir blood
to get my quorum back.
They are going on
the Royal Tour, right?
- You are everything
that I have ever hoped for.
- [screeching]
- [grunts] Ahh!
[gurgling]
- Mikhail?
* *
- [screams]
- [grunts]
- Ahh!
- Mikhail.
[sobbing]
[somber music]
* *
- Rose, everything
changes today.
The Molnija is a sacred tattoo
given to a guardian
for each Strigoi kill
and one of the highest honors
a Guardian can receive.
Your first Molnija mark
is a rite of passage.
I wish I could be there,
but duty comes first.
[voices chanting]
[chanting continues]
[breathing shakily]
- Thanks, Mikhail.
[mysterious music]
* *
- [non-English speech]
[screaming]
- [grunts]
- Mikhail!
I can't. I can't.
[panting]
* *
[howling]
- You have to stop
blaming yourself.
- I killed one of
my only friends.
- You didn't kill Mikhail.
You killed a Strigoi.
You saved us, Rose.
All of us.
- [sniffling]
So Jesse Zeklos?
That's the best you could do?
- Look, I've got
him under control.
- Lissa.
- I'm not compelling him.
And I won't.
But this is why I have
to go on the Royal Tour.
This Ivashkov guy...
I mean, he can know
a lot more about spirit
and this darkness
that I've been feeling.
And you know
I need my quorum back
'cause if I can help
even a little
to stop what happened to
Mikhail from happening again,
I have to try.
Jesse's really the only
viable option for all of that.
- In a nice,
neat pervert package.
- [chuckles]
- I'll do what I have to do.
- Victor.
- Robert, this election
is too important.
There's something wrong with
the moral center of our society
when we start calling
a training exercise
that leaves
seven dead a success.
- Dhampirs are expendable.
- No one said that.
- But that's what they think.
Is Meredith going on the tour?
- Yeah, she made the cut.
- Make sure you spend time
with her, as much as possible.
- Sonya...
The time that
you spent with Mikhail...
he'll always have that.
He will always be with you.
- Dad's medication schedule.
Make sure he follows it.
- And make sure he gets
plenty of rest between events.
- I already built breaks
into the schedule
and compiled all of the intel
we need for the campaign
so Dad doesn't need
to lift a finger.
- You spoil me.
- [chuckles]
Oh, the car's early.
- Mia Karp.
- Yeah?
- You're required to report
for an ecclesiastic reprimand
for willfully using
your magic against a Royal.
- But I'm going on the tour.
- Failure to report
will result in your expulsion
from St. Vladimir's Academy.
- Fucking Jesse.
- Mia, did you?
- It's not a big deal.
- Using magic as a weapon
is forbidden.
It's a sin.
- You can forget
about the Royal Tour.
- But you can't go on your own.
- I can go.
Let me help.
* *
[dramatic string music]
- The Royal Tour has
always been an ideal excuse
for excess and indulgence,
as we party hop from
one province to another,
reuniting with old friends.
But this year is different.
Tonight, I welcome you all
as we begin our caucus
to choose
the next heir to the throne.
But first, we need to discuss
the future of the Dominion.
Many of you simply want me
to choose an heir,
but the level of
divisiveness in our society
now makes that impossible.
The decision is now
in your hands,
a decision that could
impact the next 200 years.
So I implore you,
set aside your party politics
and choose an heir that
can unite the Dominion,
not tear it apart.
[indistinct chatter]
- Here's to the caucus.
- Jesse Zeklos?
That's who she chose?
- That's a good match.
Zeklos is a powerful
Elementalist.
We get them on our side,
we could
save young Dhampir lives.
Mmm.
Find out what Mia has to say
about Dane Zeklos.
- My dad's pressuring me
for a Marking Ceremony date.
- And I'll be happy to give him
one, once I get what I want.
An invitation to
the Ivashkov Trust Party.
- There's no way I'm getting
you an invitation to that.
You have to be on some
fucking exclusive list.
- Lady Dragomir.
Son.
- Well, then, I'll have to try
someone with some real power.
Lord Zeklos.
- Mia always
overcomplicates things.
[sighs] What?
[exhales]
[uneasy music]
* *
- Dad, no. Dad, don't.
Please, please, no, Dad!
- You're a disgrace.
You'll ruin this family.
- You okay?
- Um, Mia says a lot.
Lord Zeklos is ashamed
of Jesse,
and Jesse's terrified
of his dad.
- Mm, a family of secrets.
I can work with that.
- There's a lot of good stuff
in Mia's notes. [chuckles]
- We may have
underestimated Sonya Karp.
- Mm.
He seems to be
taking her advice.
He's targeting your base.
Dane Zeklos could effect
other votes for him.
- [gasps]
[whooshing]
- It's all just
a numbers game, really.
Our dear Lady Vogel here,
she understands.
More bodies in the field
means stronger security
in the long run.
- Only one novice died
in the Benchmark Tests.
They're clearly capable
at a younger age.
The rest of the dead
were seasoned Guardians.
Perhaps they need
to be tested more regularly
to make sure
they're not past their prime.
- Is she serious right now?
- Who's the asshole
with Tatiana?
- Mason's dad, Stefan Carter.
- You mean the guy Mason
idolized till he was 12?
He's throwing all of us
under the bus.
- Not just us.
Non-Royals, too.
He's making bank
moving nine Royals
from the villages that lost
their Guardians
to the Relocation Centers.
He gets 5,000 mira per head.
- Slimy fucker.
I heard they're pulling
Guardians off detail
to help with the relocation.
- Wait, which villages?
- All of them.
St. Ignatius, St. Judes,
St. Vladimir Provinces.
- Mikhail
was from Caroni Village
here in St. Ignatius, right?
- I think so.
[light tense music]
* *
- I want in
on relocation duty.
Caroni Village.
I can do it.
- No.
Novices were brought here
to shadow the Tour.
- I'm the first Novice since
my mother to kill a Strigoi.
My talents would be
better suited elsewhere,
don't you think?
- Fine. Report to Head Command
for the Caroni
relocation immediately.
- Great.
[sighs]
Who's Head Command?
- I am.
[dark music]
* *
[indistinct chatter]
[light tense music]
* *
- Two Martinis.
One bloody.
- Yes, ma'am. Right away.
- Silver, what the hell
are you doing here?
This is fucking
invitation only.
- Well, the invitation
said plus one.
- [scoffs] Who'd bring you
as their plus one?
- Your dad's business partner.
He likes the unconventional
in all kinds of ways.
* *
Enjoy your night.
I know I will.
* *
- Hey.
You should ditch that geezer
and come explore with me.
Lots of private spots
in a place like this.
- [chuckles]
No.
I like that geezer.
- What's so fucking
special about him?
- Nothing at all.
But he takes me places,
and he's not ashamed to be
seen with me in public.
Imagine that.
[dark music]
* *
- What the hell do you
think you're playing at?
- Your partner brought her.
- Well, Lars can fuck
whoever he likes.
But as long as you are heir
to the Zeklos name,
these are mine.
- [exclaims, panting]
- You understand me?
- Uh-huh.
- If you fuck up things
with Lissa,
I'll cut them off.
* *
- We're leaving.
- We need to wait for the
convoy back to the hotel.
[tense music]
- We go when I say so.
* *
[crunch]
- [non-English speech]
- [pained grunt]
[continues speaking]
[ethereal music]
* *
- I hate this place.
It's just a bunch of
power-hungry jerks
fucking it up for
everybody else.
You must miss the human world.
- It's no better out there.
Something happen with Lissa?
- Yeah.
But it's a lot of things.
- Well, one thing I can tell
you, love is never easy.
- Thanks for always listening.
- Anything for you.
You know that.
Thank you for walking me.
Now, go find some fun.
- Hey.
You okay?
- You ever just wanna
say fuck it?
- All the time.
- Can you show me how to
use my magic the way you do?
- Are you sure you
want to do this?
- I can't sleep.
I keep seeing him.
Mikhail.
So I thought if I come here
and see his sister Sasha
and their father
to ask their forgiveness,
maybe it would make
my dreams a little better.
[light music]
* *
Sasha.
- Fuck you, Rose.
- I guess I should
have expected that.
- I'll talk to her.
- Leave us, please.
Forgive my daughter.
She was very close
to her brother.
- So was I.
- He talked about you.
Rose Hathaway.
The brilliant wild card.
[chuckles]
[coughing]
- You're Moroi.
You raise Dhampirs.
- We sometimes forget
we're an oddity.
When their mother died,
I couldn't let them be raised
by strangers in some commune.
We became a family here.
This is home.
May I...see it?
The Molnija.
- I didn't--
[exhales] I couldn't disrespect
his memory like that.
- The one thing Mikhail feared
more than anything
was to be turned Strigoi.
You saved him from that.
- But the Molnija, it--
- Honors his life,
not the thing he became.
My son would have
done the same for you.
* *
- [snores softly]
- Eddie.
[tires screeching]
- Can we get on with it?
[crashing]
- [gasps]
[intense music]
- Get back in the car!
- Now!
- You disobeyed
your settlement orders,
allowing all these
Moroi to stay behind,
and spoke treason
against the Council.
- They murdered my brother.
- Mikhail was--
was lost in battle.
- A battle they caused.
And now they want
my father to die,
going to some
Resettlement Center
instead of at the home
he loves.
Why do they get to decide
how we live or die?
- Because the Elements will it.
Now, you will stand down and
come with us to face Tribunal.
- Fuck you.
- This is why they sent us?
- They sent us to
relocate the stragglers.
They sent me to bring
in Sasha Tanner.
- Why didn't you tell me?
- I knew you wouldn't like it.
- You're damn right.
Those stragglers
aren't just here
out of respect for Kieran.
They stayed because
Sasha's the only one
who gave a shit about them
after the Council
took their Guardians.
She is a fucking--
[whooshing]
[groans]
- Rose, what's wrong?
- [panting]
- [growls]
- It's Lissa.
- [growling]
- Secure the perimeter!
- Other side!
- [grunts]
- [snarling]
- Meredith, no!
- [growling]
- [gasps]
- Call for backup!
- [snarling]
- Eddie!
- There's too many!
- Fuck. Fuck.
- Stay calm, Jesse.
- Ahh!
- Meredith, watch out!
- [straining effort]
[sickening ripping]
[growls]
- No, Jesse! No, no!
- Jesse!
- [screams]
- Stay back!
- No, no!
Meredith!
[growling]
[footsteps approaching]
- [gasping]
- Meredith!
Meredith, can you hear me?
- Someone call an ambulance.
[shouting]
- Go after them, you two.
- Check the rear.
- Get the Royals out of here!
[whooshing]
- No! No, no, no!
No, no, please, wait!
Give me a second!
Please! Please!
Wait, no!
- Is that all of them?
- It slashed
the shit out of her.
- Okay, get them outta here.
- Let's go, yeah.
[liquid splashing]
- Okay, good.
Yeah, good, Mia.
Now, pull it back.
Mia, pull it back.
- Yeah, I got it.
- Yeah, but you have
to pull it back.
Mia, Mia, it's gonna--
Mia!
- [yelps] Ohh.
- Not bad.
- You see, this is exactly
what happened with Jesse.
It's like it just
ran away from me.
- Come on.
Let's sit down.
- Thanks.
- Wow.
Don't think I've ever heard
you say that word before.
- I'm not that bad.
- [chuckles]
- Or I don't mean to be.
- Magic can be scary.
Thing is, all you got to
do is learn how to control it
so it doesn't control you.
- How long have you
been practicing?
- After my parents...
you know.
my Aunt Tasha
came to stay with me,
and she taught me everything,
even though it was taboo.
It's how I--
It's how I got through
the worst of it.
[chuckles]
- Christian, I know about
St. Jude's and your parents.
My dad's special
advisor to the Queen.
I hear a lot of things
I wish I hadn't.
I just wanted you to know
that, in case you ever
wanted to, you know, talk.
- Hey.
Hey!
- You could have
gotten us all killed.
- How's that on me, huh?
It was the Guardians' job
to protect--
- You didn't have to leave
the party before the convoy.
Do you ever get tired of
being such a selfish prick?
- I've heard enough of this.
We need to start
the wedding rituals.
What am I gonna tell my dad?
- I don't have time for this.
- Make fucking time.
[tense music]
* *
- What?
Is this you trying to
be a man for your father?
You're neither, you know that?
Now get out of my way
and get out of my sight.
[whooshing]
* *
From Lord Zeklos?
Thank you.
[panting]
- That's my girl.
Now, go get it done.
- I'm so sorry.
He was--
He was my friend.
Is that to scare off
the Strigoi?
- They'll come tonight to feed.
This isn't for them.
This is for my
father's funeral pyre.
The doctor said he won't
make it through the night.
- Then you should be
in there, with him.
Not out here, fighting.
Let me take your place
out here tonight.
I'll keep watch for you.
Please.
- Rose.
Guardian HQ
says Lissa is fine.
- I know.
- We need to get moving.
- I'm not going anywhere,
and neither are they.
- We're risking lives
if we stay.
- It's their lives to risk,
to give Kieran peace.
You don't want to talk
to me anymore, fine.
Do your duty.
Be the good soldier.
But I'm done following
the orders of people
who don't put me first.
- [chuckles]
Of course I want to put
you first, but I can't.
Guardians follow orders, Rose,
or the system crumbles.
- The system is broken.
Look at what ignoring the
rules did for Mikhail's family.
Can you imagine
what our lives would be like
if we'd had a father
who actually cared about us?
I know practically
nothing about mine.
Mason is better off
knowing nothing about his.
- I know too much
about my father.
I want to be nothing like him.
With no rules,
I'm afraid I would be.
I have to follow orders.
- I don't.
And if you don't like it,
you can take me in
right alongside Sasha.
- How were you not expelled?
- They wanted to
keep things quiet.
Some investigation
they're doing,
trying to figure out how
my parents snuck the boxes
into my room to begin with.
- And Lissa doesn't
know about any of this?
- Some of it.
I mean, there's no point
telling her now
that she's off getting engaged.
- I can see you're
handling that well.
- [chuckles]
You know, there's a lot
swirling around in here.
I still have a ton of
questions for my parents,
which you must think is crazy.
- No, I kinda get it.
I tried to find my birth
parents a few years ago.
- Huh.
- I wanted to find out
why they left me as a baby.
But then my birth parents
weren't...
Strigoi.
- But what if
they just wanted--
- What?
Be a happy Strigoi
family with you?
Christian,
you can't be that naive.
- No, I--
[phone rings]
Hello?
Sonya?
Wait, what's happened?
Is Dad okay?
- It's not Dad.
Something's happened
to Meredith.
- Mia? Mia!
- Mia?
[light tense music]
* *
[sighs]
[eerie music]
* *
[light chatter]
- See, this is what Strigoi do,
in case you forgot.
- Shh, I'm healing here.
- Hey.
You okay?
- Okay is a relative term.
What the--
- Oh, uh--
Yeah, Jesse told them
I used my magic against him.
- Fucker.
I'll kill him
when I see him again.
- Hey, healing, remember?
- [clears throat]
I'm gonna--
I'm gonna go.
- [chuckles]
You can't use your
magic like that again.
They'll do worse next time.
- I don't care.
Not if it means protecting you.
- * Under the ashes
we come alive *
* For eternity,
we'll survive *
- Hey.
- * We can live forever *
* We'll be here forever *
- I'm so glad you're okay.
* *
- I'm so glad you're here.
- * We belong together *
* We'll stay here forever *
* The flower and the thorn *
* You took my hand,
and I want yours *
* *
* My heart is holding *
[upbeat pop music]
- * Oh, I should want it *
* I should want *
* You *
* Oh, I should want it *
- [laughs]
* I should want *
* You *
* Oh, I should want it *
- My lords and ladies,
your host,
the ever-irreverent
and fabulously inappropriate
Adrian Ivashkov.
* *
- Adrian's here.
- Hey!
- Adrian!
- Here he is!
- All right.
- Adrian!
* *
- I've been looking for you.
- But we haven't met.
I'm--
- Lady Vasilissa.
The last Dragomir.
You know, when I heard that
you were crashing my party,
I was honored.
Right after I fired
the organizer
Dane Zeklos paid off
to get you in.
I'm Adrian, by the way.
- You're not at all
what I expected.
- Hm?
- I don't know, pinstripe suit,
a little gray
around the temples.
- Because I collect art?
- Because of the art you
collect.
- Mm.
- Which I love.
- So do I, which is
why I keep it well preserved,
under lock and key.
- Maybe just a--
- No private tours. Sorry.
I'm very possessive.
- What if I told you I
could give you new insight
into some of your paintings?
- I'd say it's doubtful.
You see, I do
exhaustive research
before acquiring a new piece.
Don't look so shocked.
I'm not all parties and
booze, you know, though--
Should we get a drink?
- If you take no for an
answer, you will regret it.
- I...
I have to see your collection.
[whooshing]
- Say that again?
- You will show me
your collection.
- Well, Lady Dragomir...
you're in luck.
I think I've got one private
tour in me after all.
* *
Welcome to
my private sanctuary.
- It's beautiful.
[light music]
* *
The painting from your touring
collection, "The Message,"
it had these same hinges.
- You have a sharp eye.
They're both part of
a larger altarpiece.
I haven't found all the
missing panels yet, but I will.
- So what do you know
about St. Vladimir?
- More than the average Moroi.
- Okay. So then what does
this painting depict?
- [chuckles]
That is St. Vladimir,
entering a man's dream.
- Do you know what the
other panels look like?
- I have an idea.
Follow me.
Voila, the centerpiece.
[mysterious music]
* *
- The Darkness.
- Should we get
to that drink now?
- [breathing shakily]
[low chatter]
- Thank you for having us.
- You won't regret it.
- All right.
- It must be hard
to put on a smile
while bearing such a loss.
Mikhail was a good man.
- He was.
- What happened to him wasn't
his fault.
It was ours.
And I'm sorry.
We should have known he was
unfit for field duty.
- What?
No, he was a great Guardian.
- But maybe better
suited for a desk job.
When I become queen and
institute better testing,
we'll know if someone
is an incompetent fighter.
- But he wasn't.
That's a lie.
He was one of the best.
- I understand.
Maybe it's best to
remember him that way.
[lightly edgy music]
* *
- The perimeter fires
were a good idea.
- Shouldn't you be keeping
a careful eye on Sasha?
- Yes.
But maybe--
You need this fight, Rose.
I know you're hurting.
And I'd do anything
to make it stop.
- Thank you.
[whooshing]
[groans]
They're here.
[tense string music]
* *
- [snarling]
- Our faith is the
foundation of our society.
Wouldn't you agree?
We can't allow the Dominion
to fall into the hands
of the faithless.
[snarling]
[grunting]
- We can't have a sovereign
who plays at faith,
which is precisely
what Victor Dashkov does.
Victor has forsaken
his commitment to the Moroi.
* *
- * I hear noises
that sound like voices *
- [growling]
- [grunting]
- [snarling]
* *
- Lissa all but said
she would never marry me.
- You are less than
fucking worthless.
A Blood Whore would be more
use to this family than you.
Ow!
- [grunts]
* *
[snarling]
- Rose!
- [grunting]
- * 'Cause I hear noises
that sound like voices *
* Telling me
to make my choices *
- Rose!
- [screeching]
[grunting]
- Victor has
incited the Dhampirs
to neglect their sacred
duty to protect us.
His own daughter's Dhampir
lover betrayed us by allowing
himself to be turned Strigoi.
With Victor's help,
Mikhail Tanner was a traitor.
- [screams]
- Sonya!
[indistinct chatter]
- I wouldn't.
It's loaded with an
Earth user special blend.
It can be a bit...
intense.
- Victor, the press
got everything.
It's playing non-stop.
Sonya looks like
a rabid animal.
What happened?
Call me back.
- I'm sorry.
- Shh.
It's okay, love.
I should have taken
better care of you.
I'll get you help, I promise.
- Better soon
to leave him behind.
- It'd be wise not to.
- Anything that doesn't
fit stays behind.
Log everyone
for the accountants.
I get paid by the head.
- Where's Sasha?
What did you do?
- I told her to run.
- For fuck's sake, Rose.
Now she's AWOL.
Do you have any
idea what they'll do to her
if they find her?
What they'll do to you if
they find out that you helped?
- I'm not sorry.
- You never are.
- We risk our lives
to keep lowly little shits
like that alive.
Sasha shouldn't be punished
for speaking the truth
or for wanting
something for herself.
She deserves better.
We all do.
* *
- You ready to move?
[pop music playing
in background]
- I know it wasn't the
answer you were hoping for,
but I may still be
able to help you.
- You don't get it.
This is about more than
just a bunch of paintings.
- I get more than
you think, Lissa.
And I can help you.
But only if you come back.
- Back from where?
- Wake up!
Sorry to wake you.
- You Dream Walked.
You're a Spirit User, like me.
- You up for an adventure?
Get some of those answers
that you want.
- Where's Guardian Tanner?
- Sir, if I may--
- No, you may not, Novice.
I apologize for
the late debrief.
Guardian Tanner died doing
her duty in a Strigoi attack.
You can pay your respects
at the funeral pyre.
- Here, grab that one, too.
- There you are.
- Let's keep it going.
- Why?
- [inhales]
[engine starts]
- We should get moving.
- Not yet.
There's something
you need to do first.
- * I feel like
we're getting close *
* Closer than closer, ooh *
* I can feel another dose *
* You're getting over *
both: [non-English speech]
- * Cut, cut, cut so deep *
* Like a knife, ah, ah, ah *
* I can see on my *
* I, I, I can't breathe
all nice *
* I *
* *
* Feel the fire burning *
* Ahh *
* *
* The anticipation *
* It can't keep me waiting *
* You've got me chasin'
this high *
* Ahh *
* *
* Ahh, ahh *
[dog barks]